and Janine was hit by an Israeli air
strike during a raid overnight the
Israeli Army says troops also located
and destroyed a tunnel used by fighters
in the area three people have been
killed in the West Bank in the last 24
hours Charles Stratford was outside the
camp where a cleanup operation is now
underway did you join us on the edge of
the refugee camp here in Janine I'll
just ask Marino our cameraman to to pan
round and show you the level of
Destruction caused here this was caused
by one of those military grade
bulldozers that the uh Israeli military
used to such devastating effect during
these
raids and there doesn't seem to be
certainly according to the locals that
we've spoken to in this neighborhood
there doesn't seem to be any reason why
this should have happened um they saying
that there were no clashes there were no
kids throwing stones it was literally
according to them a bulldozzer came in
here and started ripping up this road
now of course this is often called by
rights organizations by the Palestinians
themselves a form of collective
punishment some people are even saying
that it's a bid by the Israeli military
to try and turn the civilian population
against the armed resistance groups that
are in this town Janine has long been
one of the centers if not the center now
for the armed resistance groups from
various different factions and you see
the men walking around the streets now
increasingly less during daylight
because these Raves have become so much
more frequent so much more intense over
the last few weeks since the beginning
of the war on Gaza according to the
hospital here there were at least three
people killed in last night's raid at
least 11 people in hospital uh with
injuries two we understand in a critical
condition but um there were also talks
of air strikes here on Janine now we've
seen IDF the Israeli Army have released
pictures of these air strikes to be
clear these are what seem to be targeted
drone strikes using small but very
deadly and very effective explosive
devices and targeting individuals in and
amongst the small streets that uh that
make up the camp that's not to say that
there haden't been larger air strikes
using drones here previously in the
previous couple of weeks there was a
mosque that was taken out and a number
of people killed in that attack but yeah
the B Top Line is is that this stuff
these kind of raids now on Janine and
various other towns across the West Bank
are increasing in frequency and
increasing in intensity as well so yeah
there is a lot of tension here a lot of
fear amongst the civilian population the
civilian population of course that have
suffered the rigors have suffered the
pressures have suffered the dangers of
the occupation for decades and in the
build up to the war this place was very
much Janine was very much the focus of
attention by the Israeli Army as it
tried to take out the very many fighters
that that that are in this town but as I
say things have got a lot worse since
the beginning of the war and we can
fully expect that we're going to be
seeing more raids more destruction more
arrests and more deaths in towns like
this in the in the days to come